Make credentials copy/paste friendly in GenAI Fundamentals (#432)
neo4j-graphacademy/courses: asciidoc/courses/llm-vectors-unstructured/modules/3-unstructured-data/lessons/3-import-python/lesson.adoc

Your task is to add the code to:

> . Create a `CharacterTextSplitter` object to split the content into chunks of text. You can learn more about text splitters in the link:https://python.langchain.com/docs/how_to/document_text_splitting/[LangChain documentation^].

Reviewer: Changed to non existent url.

```suggestion
. Create a `CharacterTextSplitter` object to split the content into chunks of text. You can learn more about text splitters in the link:https://api.python.langchain.com/en/latest/character/langchain_text_splitters.character.CharacterTextSplitter.html[LangChain documentation^].
```
